Lone Hazel Ape

High

# initializer function can be front run

### Summary

The BoostStablecoin contract contains an initialize function that is vulnerable to front-running. This could allow an attacker to gain control over the contract by calling the initialize function before the intended administrator. The absence of access control in the initializer creates a critical security risk, potentially leading to an unauthorized party being granted admin privileges, which could compromise the contract's security and functionality.

`     function initialize(address admin) external initializer {
        __ERC20_init("Boost", "BOOST");
        __ERC20Burnable_init();
        __Pausable_init();
        __AccessControl_init();
        _grantRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, admin);
}`

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/BoostStablecoin.sol#L34-L41](url)

### Root Cause

The initialize function is marked as external and does not enforce any access control on who can call it. This introduces a window where an attacker could call this function and assign themselves as the admin before the intended party gets a chance to do so. As a result, they would gain control over critical contract functionalities, such as pausing/unpausing, minting, and burning tokens.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact


An attacker can front run the initialization or just call the initialize function before the owner does so. This attack could undermine the security and decentralization goals of the BoostStablecoin, allowing for unauthorized control of key administrative functions.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add additional checks to the initialize function to ensure that it can only be called by a trusted party, such as the deployer or a specified external address. One possible solution is to restrict the initializer by requiring that the function be called only by an externally owned account (EOA) or ensure that only the contract creator can initialize it.
