Damp Velvet Dachshund

Medium

# Unauthorized Withdrawals During Paused State

### Summary

 In the `Minter` contract, the absence of a pause check in function `withdrawToken` will cause an unauthorized token withdrawal for `treasury` as the `WITHDRAWER_ROLE` will be able to withdraw tokens even when the contract is paused.
 
 https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/Minter.sol#L92-L95

### Root Cause

Lack of the `whenNotPaused` modifier in  function `withdrawToken`  allows the function to be executed regardless of the contract's paused state. 

    function withdrawToken(address token, uint256 amount) external onlyRole(WITHDRAWER_ROLE) {
        IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeTransfer(treasury, amount);
        emit TokenWithdrawn(token, amount);
    }

### Internal pre-conditions

1. `WITHDRAWER_ROLE` needs to call function `withdrawToken`.
2. The contract must be in a paused state.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. `WITHDRAWER_ROLE` calls function `withdrawToken`.
2. The function executes successfully, transferring tokens to the treasury despite the contract being paused.


### Impact

The ability to withdraw tokens while the contract is paused could lead to unauthorized or unintended token transfers during periods when the contract is supposed to be inactive, potentially exposing the contract to  operational inconsistencies.

### PoC

None.

### Mitigation

Add `whenNotPaused` modifier to the `withdrawToken` function to ensure it cannot be executed when the contract is paused. This will align with the intended security measures of the pause mechanism.

```solidity
function withdrawToken(address token, uint256 amount) external whenNotPaused onlyRole(WITHDRAWER_ROLE) {
    IERC20Upgradeable(token).safeTransfer(treasury, amount);
    emit TokenWithdrawn(token, amount);
}
```