Late Flaxen Sparrow

Medium

# Solidly V2 AMO minting and selling BOOST slippage mechanism can DOS protocol

### Summary

When minting and selling BOOST tokens in the `SolidlyV2AMO` contract, the minimum USD swap amount out is incorrectly raised to a point that it needs to be 1:1 with the input, effectively meaning that no slippage may occur, ending most swaps in reverts and blocking contract core functionality by DOS.


### Root Cause

When minting and selling BOOST tokens in the `SolidlyV2AMO` contract, in the `_mintAndSellBoost` function, the minimum USD amount out variable `minUsdAmountOut` (slippage representative) is raised to [a 1:1 USD value equivalent to the BOOST token amount](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L171) that is going to be swapped

```solidity
if (minUsdAmountOut < toUsdAmount(boostAmount)) minUsdAmountOut = toUsdAmount(boostAmount);
```

and, if that amount is not resulted, from the swap on line [175](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L175), then the execution will revert on [line 190](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L190):

```solidity
if (usdAmountOut < minUsdAmountOut) revert InsufficientOutputAmount(usdAmountOut, minUsdAmountOut);
```

This implementation effectively forces a 100% slippage at all times, meaning that any and all "mint and sell boost" actions must have no slippage otherwise they will revert.


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

There needs to be a slight imbalance in the liquidity pool that would cause the output USD amount to deviate from a perfect swap, even by 1 WEI.

This will naturally occur if the `mintAndSellBoost` transaction is executed after any liquidity pool swap that slightly imbalances the token rations, within a block.

This will occur naturally due to the nature of LP pools, resulting in frequent transaction reverts.

### Attack Path

`AMO_ROLE` calls the `SolidlyV2AMO::mintAndSellBoost`. The resulting transaction is placed in the mempool. 

Either naturally or forced by an attacker, a swap on the underling LP pool transaction is placed in mempool and when picked up by the block miners, it is executed before `mintAndSellBoost` call.

Now, the `mintAndSellBoost` transaction will revert with an `InsufficientOutputAmount` error.


### Impact

Minting and selling BOOST tokens for the `SolidlyV2AMO` contract will frequently, and naturally, revert on account of any slight pool imbalance.

An attacker can also exploit it by front-running all `SolidlyV2AMO::mintAndSellBoost` transactions with a direct swap to the underlying LP pool, ensuring the 100% slippage conditions fails and the operation fails.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Complete remove the line at [171](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L171), it is enough. 

Have the callers be aware that they must provide an adequate `minUsdAmountOut` when calling the `SolidlyV2AMO::mintAndSellBoost` function.