Damaged Khaki Scallop

High

# mintAndSellBoost() assumes 1:1 BOOST-USD ratio, leading to excessive BOOST sales

### Summary

_mintAndSellBoost function incorrectly assumes that 1 BOOST equals 1 USD leads to excessive BOOST sales, causing the BOOST price to fall below $1. When the `toUsdAmount()` function calculates the USD equivalent of BOOST based purely on decimals, it ignores actual market price, which results in the protocol selling more BOOST than intended when the price is higher than $1 (e.g., $1.20).

### Root Cause

In SolidlyV2AMO.sol:171, In scenarios where the price of BOOST is higher than $1, below check would incorrectly adjust minUsdAmountOut to reflect a lower expected return based on the assumption of a 1:1 peg.

```solidity
if (minUsdAmountOut < toUsdAmount(boostAmount)) minUsdAmountOut = toUsdAmount(boostAmount);
```
In MasterAMO.sol:337, the function `toUsdAmount` assumes a 1:1 ratio between BOOST and USD when calculating the minimum USD amount. This happens without checking the real time price of BOOST in the pool, leading to an overestimation of the USD output.
```solidity
function toUsdAmount(uint256 boostAmount) internal view returns (uint256) {
        return boostAmount / 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
    }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L336-L338
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L171

### Internal pre-conditions

- AMO triggers _mintAndSellBoost() to peg BOOST price down to $1.
- minUsdAmountOut is calculated as toUsdAmount(boostAmount) when BOOST is trading above $1 (for ex: $1.20).

### External pre-conditions

- BOOST is trading above $1 in a SolidlyV2 pool paired with USDC (or another USD stablecoin).

### Attack Path

1. The protocol calls _mintAndSellBoost() to sell 100 BOOST to maintain the peg.
2. The toUsdAmount function incorrectly assumes that 100 BOOST will return 100 USD.
3. The protocol ends up selling 100 BOOST for 120 USD due to BOOST trading at $1.20.
4. The excess sale results in additional BOOST being sold, causing the BOOST price to drop below $1.

### Impact

- The protocol suffers as BOOST price falls below $1, destabilizing the BOOST-USD peg.
- BOOST holders experience a devaluation of their tokens, losing value.

### PoC

Initial Price: After a swap, BOOST is trading at $1.20 in the SolidlyV2 pool, paired with USDC. The protocol aims to mint and sell BOOST to lower its price to $1.

Minting: The protocol mints 100 BOOST and calls _mintAndSellBoost, assuming 1 BOOST = 1 USD and expecting 100 USDC in return.

Swap: 100 BOOST is swapped for 120 USDC (since 1 BOOST = $1.20)

Result: The protocol receives 120 USDC, causing an oversale of BOOST and lowering its price below $1.

This happens because the function assumes a 1:1 ratio, ignoring the actual market price.

### Mitigation

Fetch the latest prices after swap, mint and sell BOOST accordingly