Cheerful Tortilla Mockingbird

High

# Function _mintAndSellBoost in SolidlyV2AMO.sol is expecting a 1:1 swap of tokens which could malfunction in some DEX configurations with fee-on swap.

### Summary

The function `_mintAndSellBoost` in `SolidlyV2AMO.sol` is expecting a 1:1 swap of tokens which could malfunction in some DEX configurations.

The input parameter `minUsdAmountOut` is hardcoded to equal `boostAmount` if the param input is lesser than the `boostAmount. This could cause an issue with an implemented condition in the function:

``` if (usdAmountOut < minUsdAmountOut) revert InsufficientOutputAmount(usdAmountOut, minUsdAmountOut);```

DEXs with trading/swap fees most of the time has an amountOut that is less than the AmountIn for stables due to price difference and fees. It is not a 1:1 swap. Implementing this logic with a fee-on swap DEX could likely drain the collateral of this particular algo-stable.


### Root Cause

In the following line:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L190

A condition has been set that the output amount should not be less than the `minUsdAmountOut` or the `boostAmount` due to a previous condition coded into the function.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The BOOST token needs to be over peg of $1.00 or above its allowable range for the protocol to activate a series of calls to `_mintAndSellBoost`

### External pre-conditions

1. Over-pegged BOOST Token

### Attack Path

1. A permanent over-pegged token will allow users to sell it at an extended time until it recovers its peg.

### Impact

The protocol could suffer an unexpected amount of collateral drain before it could manually intervene to regain its peg.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider revising the above logic to integrate trading/swap fees.