Thankful Plum Pheasant

High

# The rebalance will fail when the BOOST is below-pegged and there is not enough liquidity

### Summary

System may not rebalance the BOOST price when the BOOST is below-pegged and there is not enough liquidity in AMO.

### Root Cause

In [SolidlyV2AMO](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L252-L281), when the BOOST is below-pegged, amo-bot or normal users can trigger `_unfarmBuyBurn()` to burn some liquidity and rebanlance the BOOST price via swap.
The problem is that if there is not enough liquidity, we cannot rebalance the BOOST price to the expected 1:1 position. When there is no liquidity in the pool, and the BOOST token is still below-pegged, we cannot rebalance BOOST price via `_unfarmBuyBurn`.
We need to consider below 2 scenarios based on zero liquidity in the AMO:
1. If current BOOST price is rebalanced to the range between `FACTOR - validRangeWidth` and `FACTOR + validRangeWidth`. The AMO bot can add some liquidity via `addLiquidity`. Once the BOOST price is below-pegged again, we will have some liquidities to rebalance the BOOST price.
2. If current BOOST price is not in the range between `FACTOR - validRangeWidth` and `FACTOR + validRangeWidth`, the AMO bot cannot add any liquidity into the AMO. For example, there is not liquidity in the AMO and the BOOST price is below-pegged and BOOST price is less than `FACTOR - validRangeWidth`. We cannot rebalance this case because there is not any liquidity to remove and AMO bot cannot add some liquidity because the BOOST price is not in the range.

```solidity
    function _unfarmBuyBurn(
        uint256 liquidity,
        uint256 minBoostRemove,
        uint256 minUsdRemove, // We will use this usd to swap boost, considering boost is below pegged, we expect to get more boost.
        uint256 minBoostAmountOut,
        uint256 deadline
    )
        internal
        override
        returns (uint256 boostRemoved, uint256 usdRemoved, uint256 usdAmountIn, uint256 boostAmountOut)
    {
        ......
        // Approve the transfer of liquidity tokens to the router for removal
        IERC20Upgradeable(pool).approve(router, liquidity);

        uint256 usdBalanceBefore = balanceOfToken(usd);
        // Remove liquidity and store the amounts of USD and BOOST tokens received
        (boostRemoved, usdRemoved) = ISolidlyRouter(router).removeLiquidity(
            boost,
            usd,
            true,
            liquidity,
            minBoostRemove,
            minUsdRemove,
            address(this),
            deadline
        );

```

### Internal pre-conditions

1. AMO's liquidity is very low.

### External pre-conditions

The BOOST token price is below-pegged and less than `FACTOR - validRangeWidth`

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The AMO mechanism will not work once there is not liquidity and the BOOST is below-pegged and less than `FACTOR - validRangeWidth`. We cannot bring the BOOST price to one expected price. The AMO's core function will be broken.

### PoC
N/A

### Mitigation

_No response_