Thankful Plum Pheasant

High

# Improper liquidity calculation in SolidlyV3AMO's _addLiquidity()

### Summary

The liquidation calculation in SolidlyV3AMO is improper and this lead that the added liquidation can be manipulated. And the contract will add much less liquidity than expected.

### Root Cause

In [SolidlyV3AMO:187](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L187), we calculate the liquidity amount that we should mint. However, this liquidity can be manipulated.
```solidity
liquidity = (usdAmount * currentLiquidity) / IERC20Upgradeable(usd).balanceOf(pool);
```
The hackers can frontrun to add some inactive liquidity via token usd before amo bot add liquidity. In this case, the `currentLiquidity` does not change because the hackers' liquidity is inactive, but `IERC20Upgradeable(usd).balanceOf(pool)` can increase a lot. The final calculated `liquidity` will be manipulated to one small value. This will cause the liquidities we mint in the contract is one small value.
When we want to adjust BOOST price via burning the liquidity, we will fail because there is not enough liquidity.


### Internal pre-conditions

N/A

### External pre-conditions

N/A

### Attack Path

- Hacker frontruns to add some inactive liquidity to increase the usd token amount.
- AMO bot triggers `_mintSellFarm` to adjust BOOST price and tries to add some liquidity, the liquidity amount will be very small, or this operation may be reverted because of the `minBoostSpend` & `minUsdSpend`.
- When the BOOST price become below-depeg, AMO bots want to burn some liquidity to adjust price. This will fail because there is not enough liquidity to do this.

### Impact

The attacker can make AMO bot mint a minor liquidity via adding one inactive liquidity. This will lead that `unfarmBuyBurn` cannot work because there is not enough liquidity.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The liquidation calculation formula is improper. In `_addLiquidity`, the liquidity calculation should be based on tickLower, tickUpper, currentTick and usdAmount. It should be not related with the current liquidity or `IERC20Upgradeable(usd).balanceOf(pool)`