Thankful Plum Pheasant

High

# Improper price check can cause _unfarmBuyBurn dos

### Summary

The improper price check in SolidlyV3AMO:_unfarmBuyBurn() may cause reverted.

### Root Cause

In [SolidlyV3AMO:323](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L323), we remove some liquidity and buy and burn some BOOST when the boost token is below-pegged.
In the function _unfarmBuyBurn(), there is one price check as below:
```solidity
        if (boostBalance <= usdBalance) revert PriceNotInRange(boostPrice());
```
This check wants to make sure that BOOST token is below-pegged. When BOOST token is below-pegged, the BOOST token's price should be less than the USD. The problem is that in V3 pool, we cannot get one conclusion that the lower price token has the more amount in this pool. It's different with V2 pool.
For example, one LP can add some inactive liquidity with only USD token. This added liquidity does not impact current tick(price) but just increase the pool's usd balance. 


### Internal pre-conditions

1. In V3 pool, USD balance is more than BOOST balance. It's easy to implement, we can consider to add some liquidity with only USD token.
2. BOOST price is below-pegged.

### External pre-conditions

N/A

### Attack Path

1. Hacker can add inactive liquidity with only USD tokens. This will lead that the whole USD amount is larger than BOOST amount.
2. When the BOOST is below-peg, and AMO bot tries to trigger `unfarmBuyBurn()`, this process will be reverted because the below price check 
```solidity
if (boostBalance <= usdBalance) revert PriceNotInRange(boostPrice());
```

### Impact

When the USD balance is larger than BOOST balance, and BOOST token is below-pegged, we cannot adjust BOOST price via `_unfarmBuyBurn`.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

In V3 pool, we can get the BOOST token's price via current tick.