Dizzy Slate Deer

High

# Boost liquidity can be burnt and boost price can be increased even when above peg

### Summary

The system has 2 mechanisms in place:

1. If the price is above peg, boost can be minted and liquidity can be added
2. If the price is below peg, boost liquidity can be removed and boost can be burnt to bring up its price

However due to a flaw in the logic, 2 can be trigerred for V3AMOs even when the boost price is above peg.

Normally, like in the V2 contract, the function `_unfarmBuyBurn` first checks the price and makes sure its under the peg. For V2 style pools, its is done as shown in the snippet below.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L380-L386

The `_validateSwap` function is used, which checks the reserves of the two tokens. Whichever reserve is higher, must be the cheaper token, and this can be used to ensure the price is above/below peg.

However, this is not valid anymore for V3 style pools. In the `SolidlyV3AMO` contract, a similar design is used in the `_unfarmBuyBurn` function to check the peg price.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L320-L323

The issue here is that V3 pools can have single sided liquidity, depending on the current price of the pool. So the actual amount of boost and usd in the pool does not give any hints towards the actual spot price in the pool.

For example, say theres 100 usd and 1000 boost in a V3 pool and the spot price is 1. Now another user can come and add 1000 boost only liquidity at a price of 0.8. Since the price at which the liquidity is added is below the spot price, the pool will take in a pure boost position. But if we check the total `balanceOf` results of the two tokens in the pool, it will be different even though the spot price is the same. Similarly, users can also deposit a usd ony position. Therefore, in V3 style pools, the amount of liquidity of the two tokens present in the pool contract does not give any hints towards the spot price of the pool.

So, instead of the price being actually depegged, the criteria in the contract can be passed by simply adding boost-only liquidity at a very low price in the pool. This way the `balanceOf` results will show that that there are more boost tokens than usd tokens in the pool, and allow the unfarm buy burn function to proceed even if the price is not under peg.

Furthermore, this can also cause this function to revert, preventing users from calling `unfarmBuyBurn` when the price is below peg. If a user comes in and adds liquidity at a very low price comprising only usd, then the `if (boostBalance <= usdBalance)` check will always be true and the `unfarmBuyBurn` function will revert.

### Root Cause

The main cause of this issue is that the contract uses the pool balances to check the price. This is ok for V2 pools, but not for V3 or CL pools.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

Any direct token donation or addition of single sided liquidity can manipulate the reserves

### Attack Path

Users can add single sided liquidity at lower prices to spoof the reserves check in the contract

### Impact

`unfarmBuyBurn()` can be executed even when the price is at or above peg. Also, users can add single sided usd liquidity to the pool at a lower price trigerring the `if (boostBalance <= usdBalance)` check and reverting the function, preventing the buyback altogether.

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

Check the spot price from slot0 of the pool instead of the token reserves.
