Dizzy Slate Deer

High

# `_unfarmBuyBurn` for V3 AMO pools will revert if the depeg is below liquidity addition ticks

### Summary

The protocol has 2 sale modes:

1. If the price is above peg, it will mint boost, buy usd and provide boost-usd liquidity near the peg price
2. If the price is below peg, the protocol will remove liquidity, buy back boost and burn it

2 Ensures that when the price is below peg, the system can use its own reserves to push the price back up.

Firstly, it must be noted that 1 only adds liquidity around the peg price. This is enforced in the contract with admin controlled `tickLower` and `tickUpper` variables.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L190-L198

The issue is that since this is concentrated V3 liquidity, if the price of boost falls below `tickLower`, the position will be converted to boost purely, i.e. there will be no usd left to take out. So in the case of a depeg, it is likely that the protocol owned liquidity will have 0 usd left.

So when the liquidity is taken out, `usdRemoved` is likely to be 0 in case of a depeg.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L230-L246

The issue is that this `usdRemoved` value is then passed into the `swap` function.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L257-L264

The solidlyV3 contract adds a check on the swap amount. contract is at https://ftmscan.com/address/0x54a571D91A5F8beD1D56fC09756F1714F0cd8aD9#code

```solidity
function _swapBase(
        address recipient,
        bool zeroForOne,
        int256 amountSpecified,
        uint160 sqrtPriceLimitX96
    ) private returns (int256 amount0, int256 amount1) {
        require(amountSpecified != 0, 'AS');
```

Due to this require statement, if `usdRemoved` is 0, this swap transaction will fail.

So the `_unfarmBuyBurn` function is designed to be used in the case of a depeg, but if a depeg actually happens for concentrated liquidity pools, there will be no usd left in the protocol owned liquidity and the `swap` function will revert.

So the `_unfarmBuyBurn` function will be unable to defend the peg even though it still controls liquidity. This is a critical failure of the module and is thus a severity.

### Root Cause

The main reason of this issue is that the `_swap` function reverts for 0 swap amounts, and in CL pools the usd component can go to 0 in case of a depeg for liquidity provided near the peg.

### Internal pre-conditions

Boost token needs to be depegged

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

The `unfarmBuyBurn` function will not work if the protocol runs out of `usd` reserves. The protocol can still help the peg by burning up boost, but this will not happen and the function will simply revert.

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

Bypass the `_swap` if `usdRemoved` is 0.
