Dizzy Slate Deer

Medium

# Buyback fails if not enough liquidity is owned by the contract

### Summary

The contract has a buyback mechanism. Any user or admin can trigger the `_unfarmBuyBurn` function when the token is below peg, and the protocol will burn up liquidity, use the usd tokens to buy up boost, and then burn up the boost tokens in order to raise the price.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L358-L378

The issue is that the contract does not keep track of how much liquidity it actually owns. The contract owns liquidity when the price is above peg and it mints boost tokens and pairs it with usd creating liquidity.

When its time for the burn, the contract first calculates the amount of liquidity it will need to remove.

```solidity
uint256 usdNeeded = (((boostReserve - usdReserve) / 2) * usdBuyRatio) / FACTOR;
uint256 totalLp = IERC20Upgradeable(pool).totalSupply();
liquidity = (usdNeeded * totalLp) / usdReserve;
```

Then it immediately tries to remove this amount of `liquidity`.

The contract never checks if it even has this amount of liquidity to begin with. If it doesnt have this amount, the buyback will simply revert. This is not ideal, since the buyback should burn and buybakc with whatever amount of liquidity the contract actually has. So instead of pushing the peg as much as possible, this function has a way of simply reverting, stopping the whole buyback process.

The contract should check its current liquidity balance. If this calculated `liquidity` is more than its balance, it should only burn and buyback with its `balance`.

### Root Cause

The main cause is that the buyback function tries to burn a calculated amount of liquidity without even checking if it actually controls that amount of liquidity. This causes the function to fail in case of large depegs, instead of using all the liquidity it already has in its posession to support the peg.

### Internal pre-conditions

Boost needs to be under peg.

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

The buyback function simply reverts even when the AMO has assets, just because the the AMO doesnt have the calculated `liquidity` amount. So instead of supporting the peg by whatever amount possible, the buyback system simply shuts down.

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

If the current liquidity balance is lower than `liquidity` calculated, then just buyback with the current liquidity amount instead of the calculated amount.
