Dizzy Slate Deer

Medium

# Buyback amount is overestimated

### Summary

The contract has a buyback function `_unfarmBuyBurn`. This function removes liquidity from the pool, buys up boost tokens using that liquidity and then burns them.

The contract first estimates how much liquidity needs to be removed / swapped.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L361-L363

The issue is that these numbers are too high. This is because these numbers calculate how many tokens are needed for the swap from the current reserves. However, this is not valid since some liquidity will be removed from the pool before doing the actual swap. So when the swap is being performed, the slippage will be higher due to lower liquidity available, and so the price will always shoot above peg.

As an example, say the pool has 10000 boost and 9000 usd.

1. LP comp = 10000 boost, 9000 usd, p=0.9

AMO calculates the `usdNeeded` = (10000-9000)/2=500
`liquidity` = 500/9000 = 5.56%
AMO takes out 5.56% of the liquidity, which is 556 boost and 500 usd

2. LP comp = 9444 boost, 8500 usd, p=0.9

AMO swaps 500 usd for 525 boost

3. LP comp = 8919 boost, 9000 usd, p=1.01

As seen in the last step, the final price is 1.01, which is above peg. This then allows users to again mint and create liquidity.

The main issue is that the amounts for swap are calculated with reserves from state 1. However the swap is actually done on state 2, which has lower liquidity. Thus the swap numbers are now overtuned, and thus will push the price above peg.

This price pushing leads to inefficient peg stabilisation.

### Root Cause

Main cause for this issue is that the swap amounts are calculated from the normal state, but the swap is actually carried out in a state where the liquidity is thinner. This leads to overestimation of the amounts.

### Internal pre-conditions

Price of boost should be under peg

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

Described above

### Impact

Leads to more than necessary buyback. Leads to pushing the price above peg.

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

Calculate the swap amounts based on the current liquidity, in state 2. Rest of the funds still unused can be added in as liquidity again.
