Dizzy Slate Deer

Medium

# Remaining liquidity works against the protocol

### Summary

The protocol implements and `unfarmBuyBurn` function, which removes liquidity from the pool, buys back boost and burns it up to push up the price in case of a depeg.

The issue is that the protocol only removes the necessary amount of liquidity and not all of it, essentially forcing the remaining liquidity to work against the protocol.

Basically, say the protocol owns 10% of the total liquidity. When a depeg occurs, it calculates that it needs to remove only 5% of the liquidity and do the swap. However, if it had decided to remove the entire 10% and do the swap with only a part of it, it would be more efficient. This is because in the first case, the remaining 5% of the protocol owned liquidity is actively working to reduce the effectiveness of the swap.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L361-L375

Lets compare 2 scenarios. Scenario 1 is the current code. In scenario 2, the protocol pegs the price by withdrawing all of the liquidity, but using a lower amount of usd.

Say The price of boost is depegged to 0.9. The protocol owns 10% of the total liquidity. The LP comp is 10000 boost, 9000 usd.

#### Scenario 1

`usdNeeded` is calculated as (10000-9000)/2 = 500
`liquidity` = 500/9000 = 5.56%
So protocol removes 5.56% of the liquidity. Thus protocol removes 556 boost and 500 usd tokens.

LP Comp = 9444 boost, 8500 usd, p=0.9

Protocol then swaps 500 usd tokens for 525 boost tokens.

LP comp = 8919 boost, 9000 usd, p=1.01

So protocol used 500 usd to push the price up to 1.01.

#### Scenario 2

In this scenario, the protocol removes all its owned liquidity, i.e.10%

So protocol removes 1000 boost and 900 usd tokens.

LP Comp = 9000 boost, 8100 usd, p=0.9

Now to get the same price of 1.01, protocol swaps only 477 usd for 500 boost tokens.

LP comp = 8500 boost, 8577 usd, p=1.01

As can be seen from the above 2 scenarios, in scenario 2 the protocol was able to achieve the same end result by utilizing a lower amount of tokens. This is because in scenario 1, the protocol still had 4.44% of the total liquidity in the pool, which was working against the swap. Since the aim is to change the spot price, the protocol should optimize and thin out the liquidity as much as possible before the swap for maximum efficiency.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this issue is that the protocol's own liquidity is opposing the swap being carried out by the protocol itself.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

Inefficient usage of funds. The fees generated will go to the voters in solidly forks, not the protocol itself, so the protocol does not collect any fees and also actively works against itself when swapping.

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

Consider removing the entire available liquidity, then calculating the amount that needs to be swapped. After the swap, liquidity can be added in again.
