Fast Lace Crocodile

High

# Attack can dos `_mintAndSellBoost` in SolidlyV2AMO.sol which can cause price of BOOST instability.

### Summary

In SolidlyV2AMO.sol, function `_mintAndSellBoost` is called when the price of BOOST is larger than USD.It mints some BOOST and sell for USD to keep the price of BOOST stable. But the check of var `usdAmountOut` is too strict, which may cause attacker to dos this function. 

Attacker can dos `_mintAndSellBoost`  by send a few USD-pegged token to address AMO. SolidlyV2AMO.sol can't make the price of BOOST stable without function `_mintAndSellBoost`.


### Root Cause

In https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L187, the check of `usdAmountOut` is too strict. If Attack send a few USD-pegged token to address AMO, such as 1e-6 USDC, that will cause the check revert. 

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

Attacker send a few USDC to the address of SolidlyV2AMO.sol to broken contract functionality. 

### Impact

SolidlyV2AMO.sol can't make the price of BOOST stable, which can be marked as high. 
Attacker can send just 1e-6 USDC(if pegged token is USDC) to contract to dos `_mintAndSellBoost` and the price of this attack is cheap. By continuously sending tokens at regular intervals, it will continue to cause dos。 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

change the check of `usdAmountOut`