Jolly Gauze Gibbon

High

# Interactions with AMMs do not use deadlines for operations, exposing transactions to potential front-running risks

### Summary

Passing `block.timestamp` as the expiry/deadline of an operation does not mean "require immediate execution" - it means whatever block this transaction appears in, I'm comfortable with that block's timestamp". Providing this value means that a malicious miner can hold the transaction for as long as they like (think the flashbots mempool for bundling transactions), which may be until they are able to cause the transaction to incur the maximum amount of slippage allowed by the slippage parameter, or until conditions become unfavorable enough that other orders, e.g. liquidations, are triggered. Timestamps should be chosen off-chain, and should be specified by the caller to avoid unnecessary MEV.

### Root Cause

Front-running is a significant concern in the design of Automated Market Makers (AMMs). By omitting the deadline parameter in operations that interact with AMMs, miners can delay the transaction intentionally, creating conditions where slippage is maximized. This delay can lead to situations where the transaction incurs higher-than-expected slippage or fails to execute under favorable conditions.

```solidity
        (, , , , liquidity) = _mintSellFarm(
            boostAmountIn,
            toUsdAmount(boostAmountIn), // minUsdAmountOut
            1, // minBoostSpend
            1, // minUsdSpend
@>>            block.timestamp + 1 // deadline
        );
```

```solidity
    function _mintSellFarm(
        uint256 boostAmount,
        uint256 minUsdAmountOut,
        uint256 minBoostSpend,
        uint256 minUsdSpend,
        uint256 deadline
    )
        internal
        returns (uint256 boostAmountIn, uint256 usdAmountOut, uint256 boostSpent, uint256 usdSpent, uint256 liquidity)
    {
        (boostAmountIn, usdAmountOut) = _mintAndSellBoost(boostAmount, minUsdAmountOut, deadline);

        uint256 price = boostPrice();
        if (price > FACTOR - validRangeWidth && price < FACTOR + validRangeWidth) {
            uint256 usdBalance = IERC20Upgradeable(usd).balanceOf(address(this));
@>>            (boostSpent, usdSpent, liquidity) = _addLiquidity(usdBalance, minBoostSpend, minUsdSpend, deadline);
        }
    }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L352
### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

A miner can strategically withhold a transaction from being mined until the slippage is at its maximum, leading to a significant financial loss for the user. Additionally, if the transaction is performed to free up capital to avoid a liquidation, a miner may instead allow the liquidation to occur, profiting from follow-on transactions. The absence of deadline parameters in AMM-related functions creates a critical vulnerability that can be exploited, leading to significant financial damage.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Introduce a `deadline` argument to all functions that interact with AMMs.
