Crazy Bone Crane

Medium

# Insufficient USD Output Check in BOOST to USD Swap

### Summary

The swap function in the ISolidlyV3Pool contract lacks a mechanism to ensure that the USD amount received (usdAmountOut) meets or exceeds the specified minimum (minUsdAmountOut). This oversight can lead to transactions executing with less USD than expected, potentially resulting in financial loss or strategic misalignment.



### Root Cause
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L257

```solidity
(int256 amount0, int256 amount1) = ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).swap(
            address(this),
            boost < usd,
            int256(boostAmount), 
            targetSqrtPriceX96, 
            minUsdAmountOut, 
            deadline
        );

```

### Internal pre-conditions

The contract must be set up to perform swaps using the ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).swap function.
The swap direction is determined by boost < usd, indicating a BOOST to USD swap.
The minUsdAmountOut parameter is specified to ensure a minimum USD return.

### External pre-conditions

Market conditions must allow for a swap where the USD received could be less than the specified minUsdAmountOut.
The pool must have sufficient liquidity to facilitate the swap.

### Attack Path

An attacker or user could initiate a swap where the expected USD output eg 10Usd is less than minUsdAmountOut  20Usd.
The transaction would proceed without reverting, resulting in the contract receiving less USD than intended.

### Impact

Financial loss due to receiving less USD than expected.
Strategic misalignment if the swap is part of a broader financial strategy.
Potential exploitation by users aware of this oversight to manipulate swap outcomes.

### PoC

No response

### Mitigation

``` solidity 
If UsdAmountOut < minUsdAmountOut revert insurficientUsdAmountOut ```