Hollow Blonde Urchin

High

# No slippage and deadline protection during `_mintSellFarm()`

### Summary

No slippage and deadline protection during `_mintSellFarm()`

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L342

### Internal pre-conditions

- Malicious user see's the transaction in mempool and would carry out sandwich attack or malicious miner can hold this transaction until max slippage is there

### External pre-conditions

- Malicious user backrun's the mintSellFarm() function

### Attack Path

- Whenever `mintSellFarm()` gets called inside it function `_mintSellFarm()` gets called which offers no slippage and deadline protection during swap of boost tokens to Usd Token.
```solidity
    function _mintSellFarm() internal override returns (uint256 liquidity, uint256 newBoostPrice) {
        (uint256 boostReserve, uint256 usdReserve) = getReserves();

        uint256 boostAmountIn = (((usdReserve - boostReserve) / 2) * boostSellRatio) / FACTOR;

        (, , , , liquidity) = _mintSellFarm(
            boostAmountIn,
            toUsdAmount(boostAmountIn), // minUsdAmountOut
            1, // minBoostSpend
            1, // minUsdSpend
            block.timestamp + 1 // deadline
        );

        newBoostPrice = boostPrice();
    }
```
- Here as we can see the `minBoostSpend` and `minUsdSpend` is set to `1` which means there is no slippage offered.
- `mintSellFarm()` call would be vulnerable for frontrun sandwich attack which will lead to getting an unusually bad price for a trade due to a front running sandwich attack.
- Using block.timestamp as deadline parameter  during interaction with swapping tokens which suggests that whenever the miner decides to include the transaction in a block, it will be valid at that time, since block.timestamp will be the current timestamp.
- Using both scenario the protocol can loss huge funds

### Impact

- Getting an unusually bad price for a trade due to a front running sandwich
- Miner can deny the transaction from being mined until the transaction incurs the maximum amount of slippage.
- A malicious miner can hold the transaction as deadline is set to block.timestamp + 1  which means that whenever the miner decides to include the transaction in a block, it will be valid at that time, since block.timestamp will be the current timestamp. The transaction might be left hanging in the mempool and be executed way later than the user wanted. The malicious miner can hold the transaction and execute the transaction only when he is profitable and no error would also be thrown as it will be valid at that time, since block.timestamp will be the current timestamp.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

- Use of slippage and deadline protection to prevent the attack