Custom Orange Raccoon

High

# Using `slot0` to get `sqrtPriceX96` may lead to price manipulation

### Summary

In [`SolidlyV3AMO.sol:344`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L343), function `boostPrice()` uses `ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).slot0()` to get `sqrtPriceLimitX96`
As `slot0` points to the most recent data, it can be easily manipulated by MEV bots and flashloans with sandwich attacks.

### Root Cause

In `SolidlyV3AMO.sol:344`, function `boostPrice()` uses `ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).slot0()`, instead of TWAP price. `slot0` can be easily manipulated.
Any function which utilizes `boostPrice()` (e.g. it's used in `_mintSellFarm()` or `_unfarmBuyBurn()`) is vulnerable. This can be easily observed at lines:

```solidity
File: liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol
328:         _unfarmBuyBurn(
329:             liquidity,
330:             1, // minBoostRemove
331:             1, // minUsdRemove
332:             1, // minBoostAmountOut
333:             block.timestamp + 1 // deadline
334:         );
335: 
```

```solidity
File: liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol
308:         (, , , , liquidity) = _mintSellFarm(
309:             boostAmount,
310:             1, // minUsdAmountOut
311:             1, // minBoostSpend
312:             1, // minUsdSpend
313:             block.timestamp + 1 // deadline
314:         );

```

In both cases, `minBoostRemove`, `minUsdRemove`, `minBoostAmountOut`, `minUsdAmountOut`, `minBoostSpend`, `minUsdSpend` are hardcoded to `1` - which effectively disables any slippage protection. As `slot0` points to the most recent data - the attacker can easily perform a sandwich attack.

### Internal pre-conditions

None, basically any function which utilizes `boostPrice()` (e.g. it's used in `_mintSellFarm()` or `_unfarmBuyBurn()`) is vulnerable.

### External pre-conditions

None, basically any function which utilizes `boostPrice()` (e.g. it's used in `_mintSellFarm()` or `_unfarmBuyBurn()`) is vulnerable.

### Attack Path

1. Function `boostPrice()` in `SolidlyV3AMO.sol:344` uses `slot0()` which points to the most recent data.
2. `boostPrice()` is used in `_unfarmBuyBurn()` and `_mintSellFarm()`.
3. Above functions hardcodes `minBoostRemove`, `minUsdRemove`, `minBoostAmountOut`, `minUsdAmountOut`, `minBoostSpend`, `minUsdSpend` to `1`, which effectively disables slippage protection.
4. Whenever those function are called, the attacker can perform sandwich attack to manipulate the value of `sqrtPriceX96`, which is pulled from `slot0()`.
5. As attacker is able to manipulate `sqrtPriceX96`, he is able to manipulate the outcome of the `boostPrice()`.

### Impact

Price can be manipulated - thus other user will receive less tokens then expected.
According to historical data, similar issues were evaluated as High:
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-real-wagmi-judging/issues/97
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-10-real-wagmi-judging/issues/109

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

It's recommended to check deviations from the weighted average price. Use TWAP instead of `slot0()`.