Custom Orange Raccoon

Medium

# `boostPrice()` might overflow in some pools - because of a direct multiplication

### Summary

`boostPrice()`  might overflow in some pools - because of a direct multiplication. This leads to the scenario, that protocol won't work for some pools.
The exact calculations are described in the Attack Path and PoC section.

### Root Cause

[File: liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L343-L347)
```solidity

function boostPrice() public view override returns (uint256 price) {
        (uint160 _sqrtPriceX96, , , ) = ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).slot0();
        uint256 sqrtPriceX96 = uint256(_sqrtPriceX96);
        if (boost < usd) {
            price = (10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) * sqrtPriceX96 ** 2) / Q96 ** 2;

```

Function `boostPrice()` gets `_sqrtPriceX96` from querying `slot0()`. As it's `uint160`, we can expect that its value might be bigger than 128 bits.
Later (at line 345), it's being casted to `uint256` (its value can still be bigger than 128 bits), and then (at line 347), it's being multiplied by itself and then by `10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS)`.

Because [(at line 347)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L347), we're performing a direct multiplication of `sqrtPriceX96`, which may be larger than 128 bits - this multiplication can lead to overflow.

### Internal pre-conditions

The core functionality of the contract utilizes `boostPrice()` function. This function is susceptible to overflow.

### External pre-conditions

Function [`boostPrice()`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L347) will revert for pools which return big `sqrtPriceX96` (please navigate to the PoC and Attack Path section for the exact calculation which demonstrates when the overflow might occur).

### Attack Path

* `sqrtPriceX96` has 96 bits for the decimals. The direct multiplication (`sqrtPriceX96 ** 2`) uses $96 * 2$ bits.

* `10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS)` will have 60 bits (assuming the default case, where we're dealing with 18 decimals for the BOOST token). However, according to the Program's README: `The BOOST token itself can potentially be paired on any Dex ( eg Uniswap ) with any token —— this is out of our control.`, which suggests that `boostDecimals` can be even higher (thus `10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS)` may use even more than 60 bits). Nonetheless, for the rest of our calculations, we'll assume 60 bits (so `boostDecimals` is 18).

To sum up, we're using $2 * 96 + 60 = 252$ bits. This means, that we're left with only $(256 - 252) / 2 = 2$ bits for non-decimal part of `sqrtPriceX96`.

### Impact

Protocol won't work with some pools, for which `sqrtPriceX96` is too big (the exact calculations are explained in the PoC section).

The very similar case was evaluated as Medium during the previous Sherlock contest. To prove the validity of the finding, that issue contains an example, existing Uniswap pools with `slot0` value leading to overflow (e.g. Uniswap’s WBTC/SHIBA pool at timestamp 1714392894 returned `sqrtPriceX96` which will lead to overflow), which proves, that such pools exist:
* https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-04-teller-finance-judging/issues/243

The issue in the previous contest was considering the overflow purely based on `sqrtPriceX96 ** 2`. In that case, the overflow will occur, when `sqrtPriceX96` is bigger than `type(uint128).max`.
However, in the current issue,  `sqrtPriceX96 ** 2` is also being multiplied by `10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS)`, which reduces the max. value of `sqrtPriceX96` needed for the overflow (please check PoC section for exact calculation for BOOST with 18 and 24 decimals).

### PoC

For `boostPrice()` to overflow we need:

$10 ^ {boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE\\_DECIMALS} * sqrtPriceX96 ^ {2} \geq 2^{256}$

$sqrtPriceX96 ^ {2} \geq \frac{2^{256}}{10 ^ {boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE\\_DECIMALS}}$

$sqrtPriceX96  \geq \sqrt{\frac{2^{256}}{10 ^ {boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE\\_DECIMALS}}}$

For the code clarity, (we need to calculate the square root - which does not exist in Solidity), the part of the `boostPrice()` was rewritten to Python:

```python
>>> import math
>>> PRICE_DECIMALS = 6
>>> usdDecimals = 6
>>> 
>>> boostDecimals = 18
>>> math.log2(math.sqrt(2**256 / 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS)))
98.10264714601374
>>> 
>>> boostDecimals = 24
>>> math.log2(math.sqrt(2**256 / 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS)))
88.13686286135164


```

For a typical case (`boostDecimals == 18`), when `sqrtPriceX96` exceeds 98 bits - function `boostPrice()` will overflow.
For a less typical case (`boostDecimals == 24`) (although, still valid according to the Program's README), when `sqrtPriceX96` exceeds 88 bits - function `boostPrice()` will overflow.

### Mitigation

Consider using Uniswap's Fullmath library to perform the multiplication. 