Prehistoric Laurel Rabbit

High

# Manipulation of Price Calculation Using Slot0 in SolidlyV3AMO.sol

### Summary

The boostPrice function in the SolidlyV3AMO.sol contract relies on the slot0 value for price calculations. This usage is vulnerable to manipulation, as slot0 reflects only the most recent price point, which can be easily influenced by malicious actors. This issue can result in inaccurate price calculations, leading to the minting of incorrect LP token amounts and unfair distribution of rewards.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this vulnerability is the reliance on slot0, which reflects only the most recent pool price. This value is prone to manipulation and should not be trusted for sensitive calculations like price determination or LP token distribution.
[line 342]( https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L342C1-L355C6)
```solidity
function boostPrice() public view override returns (uint256 price) {
    (uint160 _sqrtPriceX96, , , ) = ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).slot0();
    uint256 sqrtPriceX96 = uint256(_sqrtPriceX96);
    if (boost < usd) {
        price = (10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) * sqrtPriceX96 ** 2) / Q96 ** 2;
    } else {
        if (sqrtPriceX96 >= Q96) {
            price = 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) / (sqrtPriceX96 ** 2 / Q96 ** 2);
        } else {
            price = (10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) * Q96 ** 2) / sqrtPriceX96 ** 2;
        }
    }
}
```

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

An attacker can manipulate the pool’s price temporarily, resulting in inaccurate price calculations in the boostPrice function. This can lead to unfair LP token minting, causing other users to receive fewer tokens than they are entitled to or allowing the attacker to receive more tokens than they should.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Replace the use of slot0 with a time-weighted average price (TWAP) mechanism for calculating prices. TWAP averages the price over a longer period, which mitigates the impact of short-term price manipulation. This change will provide a more secure and reliable price calculation process, making it significantly harder for malicious actors to manipulate the contract.