Lively Azure Seahorse

Medium

# The protocol will not work with usd backed coins with less than 6 decimals

### Summary

Axion states that is is compatible with any usd backed stablecoin
> Yes, the AMO are deployed by the team, with a specific stablecoin as a pair!
In the the scope of this audit would be any USD-pegged token, beside fee-on-transfer ones.
This means the protocol should be compatible with gemini usd which is usd backed stablecoin with 2 decimals.

the problem is that the protocol is not compliant with gemini usd or any other usd backed stable coin with less than 6 decimals.

### Root Cause

in solidilyV2AMO.sol

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L390
```solidity
    function boostPrice() public view override returns (uint256 price) {
        uint256 amountOut = IPair(pool).getAmountOut(10 ** boostDecimals, boost);
        price = amountOut / 10 ** (usdDecimals - PRICE_DECIMALS);
    }
```

if we look at the ending of the snippet we see that usdDecimals is subtracted by PRICE_DECIMALS
```solidity
    uint8 internal constant PRICE_DECIMALS = 6;
```

we know that PRICE_DECIMALS is 6 decimals , so any value of usdDecimals below 6 will cause an underflow and revert the call to `boostPrice`.

Given that the axion read me states that it is compatible with _ANY_ usd backed stablecoin, we must assume that it should also be compatible with gemini usd which has 2 decimals, but it is not as explained above.

boost price is called in `_mintSellFarm` and `_addLiquidity`, so a revert will make the protocol completely useless.

from sherlock docs on what can qualify for valid medium
> Breaks core contract functionality, rendering the contract useless or leading to loss of funds of the affected party larger than 0.01% and 10 USD.

and to further confirm the issues validity, from sherlock docs

> If the protocol team provides specific information in the README or CODE COMMENTS, that information stands above all judging rules. In case of contradictions between the README and CODE COMMENTS, the README is the chosen source of truth.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. the usd backed stablecoin must have less than 6 decimals.

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. the protocol tries to use a stable coin with less than 6 decimals
2. the protocol will not work.

### Impact

The protocol is completely useless and will not work with usd backed stablecoins with less than 6 decimals.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_