Clumsy Coffee Panda

High

# Price Manipulation via Flashloan Exploits in SolidlyV3AMO

### Summary
Contract `SolidlyV3AMO` uses `SolidlyV3Pool` slot0 price instead of TWAP price. slot0 price can be manipulated with flash loans.

### Root Cause

The `SolidlyV3AMO` contract uses the `SolidlyV3Pool`  BOOST-USD pool to get the price of BOOST. It however uses the instantaneous price from slot0 instead of the TWAP price. The slot0 price is calculated from the ratios of the assets. This ratio can however be manipulated by buying/selling assets in the pool.
```solidity
  function boostPrice() public view override returns (uint256 price) {
        (uint160 _sqrtPriceX96, , , ) = ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).slot0();
        uint256 sqrtPriceX96 = uint256(_sqrtPriceX96);
        if (boost < usd) {
            price = (10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) * sqrtPriceX96 ** 2) / Q96 ** 2;
        } else {
            if (sqrtPriceX96 >= Q96) {
                price = 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) / (sqrtPriceX96 ** 2 / Q96 ** 2);
            } else {
                price = (10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals + PRICE_DECIMALS) * Q96 ** 2) / sqrtPriceX96 ** 2;
            }
        }
  }
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L343-L355

Thus any user can take a flashloan, use those funds to manipulate the price of BOOST, since users can rebalance through the contract. The attacks can be made profitable by providing just-in-time liquidity to the various pools that reabalance interacts with, draining the contract of collateral through arbitrage.

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path
Let's consider a scenario where there are 1,000,000 BOOST tokens and 1,000,000 USD tokens in the liquidity pool.

- When BOOST is above par, minting BOOST tokens, selling them for USD, then farming the USD with free-minted BOOST
- When BOOST is below par, removing liquidity from the pool, buying back BOOST from the pool with the USD, then burning BOOST

- The attacker executes a [Flash Transaction](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v3/guides/flash-integrations/inheritance-constructors#flash-transactions-overview), requesting 50% of the USD liquidity from the pool, temporarily altering the liquidity state to 1,000,000 BOOST tokens and 500,000 USD tokens.
- This temporary change in liquidity modifies the price to 1 BOOST = 0.5 USD, creating a good condition for "rebalancing."
- It allows any participant (even though the contract allows for whitelisting) to rebalance the BOOST price permissionlessly.
- The rebalance mechanism relies on the liquidity ratio between BOOST and USD in the pool (e.g., 1,000,000 BOOST and 500,000 USD) to determine the price of BOOST.
- The `unfarmBuyBurn` function proceeds to remove liquidity, swapping USD for BOOST and burning the BOOST tokens, thereby restoring a 1:1 BOOST ratio.
- The attacker only needs to pay approximately 250,000 USD tokens (out of the 500,000 taken) to maintain a balanced pool (constant K). The remaining liquidity was provided by the protocol.
- As a result, the attacker profits approximately 250,000 USD, while the protocol suffers losses in terms of its collateral assets.

This attack can be repeated until all the USD is drained from the liquidity pool, and the protocol exhausts its collateral assets.

### Impact

Generating substantial profits while intentionally undermining the project's stability, leading to the compelled liquidation of all collateral assets by the protocol in order to restore stability to the BOOST token.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Use TWAP price instead of slot0 price