Quaint Golden Wren

Medium

# AMOv2 is incompatible with exotic USD tokens with low decimals

### Summary

The `SolidlyV2AMO.sol` contract determines the price of the BOOST token compared to the USD stablecoin it is paired with using the `boostPrice()` function.

<https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L390-L393>

```solidity
function boostPrice() public view override returns (uint256 price) {
    uint256 amountOut = IPair(pool).getAmountOut(10 ** boostDecimals, boost);
    price = amountOut / 10 ** (usdDecimals - PRICE_DECIMALS);
}
```

This function is used in multiple sections of the contract to retrieve the price of BOOST :
- `_addLiquidity()`
- `_mintSellFarm()`
- `_unfarmBuyBurn()`

If `boostPrice()` fails, these core functionalities won't be able to proceed.

### Root Cause

The code assums the lowest decimals for a USD stablecoin is 6 while there are tokens with a consequent circulating supply with less decimals than 6.

`PRICE_DECIMALS` is a constant that is equal to `6` and `usdDecimals` represents the number of decimals of the USD token.

In order to round the price to 6 decimals, `amountOut` is scaled down using the result of the subtraction `usdDecimals - PRICE_DECIMALS`.

However, USD tokens that have less than 6 decimals will revert due to an underflow. Such a token exists : the `GUSD`.

The protocol states `"In the the scope of this audit would be any USD-pegged token"`. The `GUSD` is a USD-pegged token that has more than $70M of circulating supply and can be considered a good candidate to integrate for the protocol.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

The protocol aims to integrate all USD-pegged tokens however tokens with less than 6 decimals are not compatible.

The `SolidlyV2AMO` contract will simply not carry out its core functionalities.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the `boostPrice()` function to integrate tokens with less than 6 decimals.