Festive Umber Puma

Medium

# Risk of upgrade issues due to missing __gap variable

### Summary

Contracts can't be upgraded 

### Root Cause

For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments" (quote OpenZeppelin). 

None of the Axion protocol contracts include a` __gap` variable. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts, potentially causing loss of user fund or cause the contract to malfunction completely.

Refer to this article: https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#storage-gaps

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L10
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L8


### Impact

Alice, a developer of the Axion protocol, adds a new variable to the contract as part of an upgrade. As a result of the addition, the storage slot of each subsequent variable changes, and the contract stops working.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Include a `_gap` as the last storage variable to reserve space for future storage variables and prevent storage collisions. This is a common practice to ensure compatibility and avoid issues when upgrading the contract in the future.