Warm Canvas Terrier

High

# No storage gaps for upgradable contracts can lead to storage collisions

### Summary

All contracts which are upgradeable in axion , do not contain _gap variable. for example BoostStablecoin.sol, like this all contracts do not contain gap variable.

Also in SolidlyV2AMO and V3AMO, there is also no usage of disable initializer in constructor. 

### Root Cause

For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments". Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts.

https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable#storage-gaps

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L17C1-L20C4

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

_No response_

### PoC

When creating upgradable contracts that inherit from other contracts is important that there are storage gap in case storage variable are added to inherited contracts. If an inherited contract is a stateless contract (i.e. it doesn't have any storage) then it is acceptable to omit a storage gap, since these function similar to libraries and aren't intended to add any storage.

contracts can pose a significant risk when updating a contract because they can shift the storage slots of all inherited contracts

### Mitigation

Recommend adding appropriate storage gap at the end of upgradeable contracts such as the below. Please reference OpenZeppelin upgradeable contract templates. 

uint256[50] private __gap;