Hollow Blonde Urchin

Medium

# No Storage Gap for Upgradeable Contract Might Lead to Storage Slot Collision

### Summary

No Storage Gap for Upgradeable Contract Might Lead to Storage Slot Collision

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L5
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/solidly-utils/contracts/MasterUtils.sol#L4

### Internal pre-conditions

- No pre-condition

### External pre-conditions

- No external pre-condition

### Attack Path

- For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to "allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments" (quote OpenZeppelin).
- Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts, potentially causing loss of user fund or cause the contract to malfunction completely.
- Several contracts are intended to be upgradeable contracts in the code base.
However, none of these contracts contain storage gap. The storage gap is essential for upgradeable contract because "It allows us to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments".

### Impact

- Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

- Recommend adding appropriate storage gap at the end of upgradeable contracts such as the below. Please refer OpenZeppelin upgradeable contract templates.
`uint256[50] private __gap;`