Late Flaxen Sparrow

Medium

# Operator can bypass bribe contracts reward notification limit

### Summary

An operator can bypass the imposed bribe contract limit by calling `MasterUtils::notifyRewardAmounts` with a list of duplicated bribe addresses.

### Root Cause

In `MasterUtils::notifyRewardAmounts` function, a list of bribe contract addresses is passed. For each of these, there is a specific limit, that is set via the `setBribeAmountLimit` call by a `SETTER_ROLE` holder as to the amount allowed to be given.

An `OPERATOR_ROLE` holder can bypass this limit in two ways:

1. Calling the `notifyRewardAmounts` function multiple times with the same bribe. This is possible as there are [no checks per period, only per function call](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/solidly-utils/contracts/MasterUtils.sol#L144-L146).

```solidity
for (uint i = 0; i < bribes.length; i++) {
    if (amounts[i] > bribeAmountLimit[bribes[i]])
        revert BribeAmountLimitExceeded({bribeAmount: amounts[i], limitAmount: bribeAmountLimit[bribes[i]]});
```

2. Calling the `notifyRewardAmounts` function with the same bribe contract address but passed multiple times in the `address[] calldata bribes`. This is possible as there are no [deduplication checks](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/solidly-utils/contracts/MasterUtils.sol#L133).


### Internal pre-conditions

No pre-conditions, as `SETTER_ROLE` holder is required to set bribe limits regardless and call `setBribeAmountLimit`, otherwise all `notifyRewardAmounts` would revert.


### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

`OPERATOR_ROLE` holder calls `MasterUtils::notifyRewardAmounts` either multiple times with the same bribe contract or calls it one with the same contract passed multiple times as input.

### Impact

Unwanted bypassing of intended limitations that were set by a different role. 

Depending on which operator calls the function first (in the case of multiple operators), preferential treatment and single operator goal pursuit may disadvantage other market participants.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the `setBribeAmountLimit` limit to be an amount per epoch (period) and not per function call.