Blurry Felt Ladybug

Medium

# MasterUtils.notifyRewardAmounts() limits rewards from tokens with many decimals

### Summary

notifyRewardAmounts() in MasterUtils does not take into account decimals of the token being rewarded, leading to big difference in the allowed reward depending on the decimals of the token.

### Root Cause

In line 145 of MasterUtils.sol, if the amount of tokens being sent is higher than amount limit for this bribe then the function reverts. However, the function does not take into account the decimals of the token being sent, so that the token amount that can be sent is very high if the token has few decimals, but quite low if it has many decimals.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/solidly-utils/contracts/MasterUtils.sol#L128-L154

### External pre-conditions

1. bribeAmountLimit for bribe "B" is set to 10**18.

### Attack Path

1. OPERATOR_ROLE user rewards bribe B with token X. This token has 12 decimals. The maximum amount of X tokens that can be rewarded is 10**18 / 10**12 = 10**6 token X.
2. OPERATOR_ROLE user rewards bribe B with token Y. This token has 24 decimals. The maximum amount of Y tokens that can be rewarded is 10**18 / 10**24 = 10**-6 token Y = 0.000001 token Y.

### Impact

The system only allows a decent token amount as bribe rewarding if the token has few decimals. Tokens with many decimals are limited and only allowed to be rewarded in such little amounts. Decimals number is a irrelevant parameter of a token to determine if it should be rewarded or not, therefore the system should take decimals into account.

### PoC

Manual review

### Mitigation

When checking the amount of tokens being rewarded, take decimals into account. bribeAmountLimit  should be chosen in a constant decimals format. For example, in this case bribeAmountLimit must be expressed in whole tokens with a 6 decimals format (bribeAmountLimit = 1500000 => 1.5 whole tokens).

```solidity
contract MasterUtils is AccessControlEnumerableUpgradeable, ReentrancyGuardUpgradeable {
.
.
.
//Expressed with 6 decimals (bribeAmountLimit = 10e6 => 10 whole units of the corresponding token)
mapping(address => uint256) public bribeAmountLimit;
.
.
.
- if (amounts[i] > bribeAmountLimit[bribes[i]])
+ if (amounts[i] * 10**6 / ERC20(rewards[i]).decimals() > bribeAmountLimit[bribes[i]])
                revert BribeAmountLimitExceeded({bribeAmount: amounts[i], limitAmount: bribeAmountLimit[bribes[i]]});
```