Fierce Neon Oyster

High

# Inadequate Lock Duration Enforcement in Voting Mechanism

### Summary

The `vote` function in the `MasterUtils` contract fails to enforce a maximum lock duration for tokens before allowing them to participate in voting. This can lead to scenarios where tokens with insufficient lock durations are used to influence voting outcomes, potentially violating protocol rules that require maximum lock durations for voting eligibility.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this vulnerability lies in the absence of a check and enforcement mechanism for the lock duration within the `vote` function. Specifically, the function does not include a `require` statement to ensure that the token's lock duration meets the maximum required duration (`maxtime`) before proceeding with the voting process.
```solidity
094:     function vote(
095:         uint256 tokenId,
096:         address[] calldata poolVote,
097:         uint256[] calldata weights
098:     ) external nonReentrant onlyRole(OPERATOR_ROLE) {
099:@=>      if (checkIncreaseUnlockTime(tokenId, maxtime)) _increaseUnlockTime(tokenId, maxtime);
100:         IMasterVoter(voter).vote(tokenId, poolVote, weights);
101:         emit Voted(tokenId, poolVote, weights);
102:     }
```

### Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/solidly-utils/contracts/MasterUtils.sol#L99

### Attack Path

Scenario:
1.	An operator calls the `vote` function with a token that has a lock duration less than the required maximum (`maxtime`).
2.	The function proceeds without verifying or updating the lock duration.
3.	The token is used to cast votes, potentially affecting the outcome of the vote despite not meeting the protocol's lock duration requirements.

### Impact

Failure to enforce the maximum lock duration can lead to unauthorized voting.

### Mitigation

The `vote` function should be modified to include a check for the lock duration and enforce the maximum lock duration before proceeding with the voting process.
```diff
function vote(
    uint256 tokenId,
    address[] calldata poolVote,
    uint256[] calldata weights
) external nonReentrant onlyRole(OPERATOR_ROLE) {
    // Ensure the token's lock duration is maximized before voting
+   require(checkIncreaseUnlockTime(tokenId, maxtime), "Increase unlock time condition not met");
+   _increaseUnlockTime(tokenId, maxtime);

    // Proceed with voting
    IMasterVoter(voter).vote(tokenId, poolVote, weights);
    emit Voted(tokenId, poolVote, weights);
}
```