Howling Pecan Tadpole

Medium

# Incorrect Token Transfer Due to possible Decimal Precision Errors

### Summary

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/Minter.sol#L77-L85

The mint function contains a vulnerability where the wrong amount of collateral tokens is sent due to errors in decimal precision. This occurs if the collateralDecimals is lower than boostDecimals, resulting in a lesser amount of collateral being transferred than intended.



### Root Cause

The root cause of the vulnerability is the calculation of the transfer amount using the expression amount / (10 ** (boostDecimals - collateralDecimals)). If collateralDecimals is lower than boostDecimals, this calculation results in a smaller amount of collateral tokens being transferred, leading to incorrect token transfers.

This attack is viable because the function assumes that the collateralDecimals and boost Decimals are the same, this however might not be so as the protocol is built to work with any usd pegged token(asides fee on transfer tokens) 1:1.  In such a case whereby the contract is deployed with the collateral decimals lower than or higher than the boost decimals. Incorrect amount of boost tokens minted for deposited amount.


### Internal pre-conditions

-The collateralDecimals set is either higher or lower than the  boostDecimals; this hold  as there are no specified values determined in the code ReadMe and the collateral token can be any usd pegged token(asides fee on transfer tokens)

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

-A user with the MINTER_ROLE(multi-sig) calls the mint function.
-The function calculates the transfer amount using the expression amount / (10 ** (boostDecimals - collateralDecimals)).
-Due to the difference in decimal precision, a lesser amount of collateral(or higher if collateral decimals is greater) is transferred to the treasury.
-The BoostStablecoin contract mints the full amount to the to address while lesser tokens are sent to the treasury

### Impact

Financial discrepancy as lesser collateral might be sent for minted boost tokens.
Due to this discrepancy users get to mint more boost tokens for lesser collateral  thereby leading to subsequent drop in the value of the boost token which was originally poised to function with associated tokens 1:1

### PoC

Here is the mint function with collateral amount transferred correctly if the both boostDecimal and collateral Decimals were used.
But in scenarios where the collateral decimals are lower are higher, function loses precision and either inflated or lesser amount of collateral is sent to the treasury
```solidity
 function mint(address to, uint256 amount) external whenNotPaused onlyContract onlyRole(MINTER_ROLE) {
        IERC20Upgradeable(collateralAddress).safeTransferFrom(
            msg.sender,
            treasury,
          //precision will be lost if collateral decimals is less or higher than boost decimals
            amount / (10 ** (boostDecimals - collateralDecimals))
        );
        IBoostStablecoin(boostAddress).mint(to, amount);
        emit TokenMinted(msg.sender, to, amount);
    }
```

### Mitigation

Adjust the mint function to ensure that the function handles correct precision depending on the collateral token type and the correct amount of collateral is sent if the collateral token decimal is not the same with the boost token decimal