Howling Pecan Tadpole

Medium

# Incorrect Assumption of Token price Value Equivalence in Mint Function

### Summary

The mint function contains a vulnerability where it incorrectly assumes that 1 boost token is always worth 1 collateral token. This results in the minting of 1 collateral token for each boost token, leading to potential financial discrepancies and operational issues.




### Root Cause

The root cause of the vulnerability is the assumption that the value of 1 boost token is equivalent to 1 collateral token. This assumption is embedded in the calculation amount / (10 ** (boostDecimals - collateralDecimals)), which does not account for potential differences in token current price values.

According to the protocol readME, The protocol is poised to be paired with associated collateral tokens and pegged tokens to usd.
This pegged tokens theirself might however depeg in value or increase in value in relation to the boost token. In such occurences boost might be minted for improper amount of collateral
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/Minter.sol#L77-L85

```solidity
   function mint(address to, uint256 amount) external whenNotPaused onlyContract onlyRole(MINTER_ROLE) {
        IERC20Upgradeable(collateralAddress).safeTransferFrom(
            msg.sender,
            treasury,
            amount / (10 ** (boostDecimals - collateralDecimals))
        );
        IBoostStablecoin(boostAddress).mint(to, amount);
        emit TokenMinted(msg.sender, to, amount);
    }
```

### Internal pre-conditions

change in collateral price value in relation to the boost price

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

for example in a case where collateral token value as dropped in relation to boost token value
-A user with the MINTER_ROLE(might be multi-sig) calls the mint function.
-The function calculates the transfer amount using the expression amount / (10 ** (boostDecimals - collateralDecimals)). (current price of collateral token compared to to boost token is not factored into the calculation).
-The function transfers an incorrect amount of collateral tokens to the treasury based on the flawed assumption of token value equivalence.
-The IBoostStablecoin contract mints the full amount of boost tokens to the to address, whereas a lesser value of collateral token is transferred to the treasury.

### Impact

Incorrect handling of token transfers will lead to fincancial loss for the protocol as incorrect amount of collateral tokens are sent for minted boost tokens

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Adjust the calculation to ensure the correct amount of collateral is transferred. This may involve using a conversion rate or oracle to determine the actual value of boost tokens relative to collateral tokens.