Soft Porcelain Seahorse

Medium

# Permisionless user can't regulate the price of BOOST token if it is over 1$

### Summary

Wrong computation of amount of BOOST tokens to be swapped into the BOOST-USD LP will prevent users without any specific roles to participate in decentralised security of the protocol.

### Root Cause

in [SolidlyV2AMO.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L345)
`boostAmountIn` is calculated wrongly. It can return a greater amount to be swapped which will increase the BOOST tokens in the pool and therefore drop its price. Therefore the function can revert if the price become lower than the threshold check in [MasterAMO.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L288)


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

BOOST-USD LP to be at the beginning 1000 BOOST and 1000 USD tokens. Then it goes to 600 BOOST and 1666 USD tokens.

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

`boostAmountIn` will have its value equal to (1666-600) / 2 = 533, not taking in mind the additional Ratio.
This means 533 BOOST tokens will be swapped in.
New balances in the pool after swap of 533 BOOST tokens:
-  600+533 = 1133 BOOST tokens
- (1666*600)/(600+533) ~ 882 USD tokens


the boost price will become USD amount - (BOOST amount * USD amount) / (new BOOST amount after adding 1 BOOST) = 882 - (1133 * 882) / 1134 = 0.77 which is below the 1$ peg. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

`boostAmountIn` will have to be calculated as the distance to the square root of the reserves of the pool. This will more accurately make the price closer to the 1$ target. In fact it will balance the pool.