Soft Porcelain Seahorse

Medium

# Permisionless user can't regulate the price of BOOST token if it is under 1$

### Summary

Wrong computation of amount of liquidity tokens to be burned from the BOOST-USD LP will prevent users without any specific roles to participate in decentralised security of the protocol.

### Root Cause

in [SolidlyV2AMO.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L361)
`usdNeeded` is calculated wrongly. It returns greater amount to be used for balancing the pool, but doesn't count that the total liquidity will reduce, which likely will make each USD token swapped to have bigger price impact. Therefore the function can revert if the price become greater than the threshold check in [MasterAMO.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L306)

### Internal pre-conditions

BOOST-USD LP to be at the beginning 1000 BOOST and 1000 USD tokens. Then it goes to 600 USD and 1666 BOOST tokens.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

`usdNeeded` will be calculated (1666 - 600) / 2 = 533 tokens, which will be taken by burning liquidity from the pool. With 600 USD tokens liquidity to receive 533 USD tokens then the protocol have to burn around 88% of its liquidity. Therefore the pool will be 67 USD - 186 BOOST. Adding then 533 USD tokens will make the price of BOOST way higher than 1$

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

`liquidity` have to be calculated as a function of the future amount of LP tokens in the LP pool