Damp Velvet Dachshund

Medium

# Unauthorized Initialization Vulnerability in `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` Contracts.

### Summary

The absence of a constructor with `_disableInitializers()` will cause unauthorized initialization for the `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` implementation contracts. These contracts have function `initialize` that an attacker will directly call.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L96-L123

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L62-L100

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L52-L82

### Root Cause

The lack of a constructor with `_disableInitializers()` in contracts `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO`  allows the contracts to be initialized directly, bypassing the intended proxy pattern.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` contracts are deployed without a constructor containing `_disableInitializers()`.
2. The `initialize` function is callable without restrictions on the contracts.

### External pre-conditions

1. An external actor has access to the `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` contract addresses.
2. The external actor can interact with the contracts on the blockchain.

### Attack Path

1. An attacker identifies the  `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` contract addresses.
2. The attacker calls the `initialize` functions directly on the implementation contracts.
3. The attacker sets the contracts' state variables to arbitrary values.

### Impact

The protocol suffers an approximate loss of control over the  `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` implementation contracts' states. The attacker gains the ability to manipulate the contracts' states, potentially leading to further exploits or disruptions.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Add a constructor to the  `MasterAMO`, `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` implementation contract with `_disableInitializers()` to prevent any unauthorized initialization.

```solidity
constructor() {
    _disableInitializers();
}
```

This ensures that the implementation contract cannot be initialized directly, maintaining the integrity of the upgradeable proxy pattern.