Attractive Purple Caterpillar

Medium

# The protocol is not compliant with ERC-1504

### Summary

The contest Readme states that the protocol should be strictly compliant with ERC-1504, however the current code does not use the ERC-1504 pattern at all. 

### Root Cause

ERC-1504: Upgradable Smart Contract defines guidelines for upgrading smart contracts and has the following specification:
_The upgradable contract consists of three parts:
Handler contract (implements Handler interface) defines operations and provides services. This contract can be upgraded;
Data contract keeps the resources (data) and is controlled by the Handler contract;
Upgrader contract (optional) deals with the voting mechanism and upgrades the Handler contract. The voters are pre-defined by the contract owner._

However, current contract does not follow that specification and has only one contract for storage and operations. In fact it uses OpenZeppelin's upgradeable contracts which primarily follow EIP-1967 and EIP-1822.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/BoostStablecoin.sol#L14-L18



### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Not following the EIP it aims to be compliant with for upgrading the contracts may break the upgrade process if the ERC-1504 is really intended. It is worth noting that protocol intends to integrate with several external protocols and upgradability is an important feature to have given that the external protocols may change their code. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

It looks like a the protocol put wrong EIP in the contest Readme and the current implementation should fine with appropriate storage gaps in the contracts that will be upgraded. 