Dizzy Slate Deer

Medium

# Incorrect router function called during initialization

### Summary

The `SolidlyV2AMO.sol` contract's `initialize` function calls the `pairFor` function to calculate the pool address from the constituent tokens.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L81

The issue is that according to the docs present at https://sticky-yarrow-52e.notion.site/AXION-Audit-Documentation-11bb3e443073802c949bd3700abad968, the system aims to support the following protocols.

#### V2

-   Equalizer
-   Thena
-   Velodrome/Aerodrome
-   Ramses

#### V3

-   Thena
-   Velodrome/Aerodrome
-   Ramses
-   SolidlyV3

The `pairFor` function for the velodrome routers are different and also take a `_factory` address. Below is the link to the velo router code.

https://optimistic.etherscan.io/address/0xa062aE8A9c5e11aaA026fc2670B0D65cCc8B2858#code

```solidity
function pairFor(
        address tokenA,
        address tokenB,
        bool stable,
        address _factory
    ) external view returns (address pool) {
        return poolFor(tokenA, tokenB, stable, _factory);
    }
```

Furthermore, for Aerodrome on base, there is actually no `pairFor` function at all in its router and is instead called `poolFor`.

https://basescan.org/address/0xcF77a3Ba9A5CA399B7c97c74d54e5b1Beb874E43#code

```solidity
function poolFor(
        address tokenA,
        address tokenB,
        bool stable,
        address _factory
    ) external view returns (address pool);
```

Due to this difference, these contracts wont work with the velo ecosystem. The devs had mentioned that any incompatibility with the Velo ecosystem would be a valid finding, thus this is being reported.

The `solidly-utils` folder even has a `AerodromeUtils.sol` file, showing the intention to work with velodrome/aerodrome contracts. Due to this incompatibility, this is a medium severity issue.

### Root Cause

The main cause is that the velo ecosystem implements the `pairFor` function with a different interface. Aerodrome on base implements the same functionality in the `poolFor` function.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

The contract simply cannot be initialized and used for velodrome pools

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

For supporting VELO pools, implement a similar contract which takes care of the different interface.
