Attractive Purple Caterpillar

Medium

# SolidlyV3AMO.sol  will not work with some of the protocols it is aimed to integrate with.

### Summary

SolidlyV3AMO.sol contract's main function is to integrate the current protocol with v3 of the Solidly and its forks but due to the code differences in some forks it will not work as intended.

### Root Cause

According to the audit documentation provided by the protocol the  SolidlyV3AMO.sol contract should be compatible with the following Solidly forks: 
"We expect the SolidlyV3 tech-implementation to work with Velo family, Thena-Family, as well as more recent “fullyV3” and Algebra-Based Dexes (Shadow, SwapX, FenixFinance)".
Due to the code differences in the below mentioned forks SolidlyV3AMO.sol will not be fully functional. 
SolidlyV3AMO.sol has the following external calls to the pool implementation of each protocol:
```solidity
ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).slot0();
ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).swap(...);
ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).liquidity();
ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).mint(...);
ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).burnAndCollect(...);
ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).quoteSwap(...);
```

[Velodrome ](0xc28aD28853A547556780BEBF7847628501A3bCbb) and [Aerodrome ](https://basescan.org/address/0xeC8E5342B19977B4eF8892e02D8DAEcfa1315831#writeContract) slipstream implementations as well as all the Algebra based [protocols ](https://github.com/cryptoalgebra/Algebra/tree/ba18828fd0d5093bcabe2ba7eec8d8b3d12fca04/src/core/contracts/interfaces/pool) do no have ``` burnAndCollect(...)``` and ```quoteSwap(...)``` functions in their code. Also, Algebra based protocols lack ```slot0();```  function in addition to those two above. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L234-L235



### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

SolidlyV3AMO.sol need to be deployed to work with the protocols mentioned above. 

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The protocol will be unfunctional if it will be deployed targeting the Solidly forks mentioned in the root cause. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

It is better to have specific version of SolidlyV3AMO.sol for each code it is aimed to integrate with instead of generalized version.