Polished Bone Deer

High

# Integer underflow in toBoostAmount/toUsdAmount when subtracting decimals will brick contracts

### Summary

Integer underflow in toBoostAmount/toUsdAmount when subtracting decimals will brick contracts.

### Root Cause

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L332-L338

```solidity
    function toBoostAmount(uint256 usdAmount) internal view returns (uint256) {
        return usdAmount * 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
    }

    function toUsdAmount(uint256 boostAmount) internal view returns (uint256) {
        return boostAmount / 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
    }
```

If `boostDecimals < usdDecimals`, these functions will revert. 

This will brick the contracts, as these functions are extensively used in the AMOs: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol. 

### Internal pre-conditions

The boost token has fewer decimals than the specified usd token.

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

Not an attack

### Impact

The contracts lose almost all pegging functionality as functions like _mintSellFarm and _unfarmBuyBurn will always revert in this failure case. Admin cannot call _mintAndSellBoost as it also calls toUsdAmount and will revert, so admin cannot repeg either. This should be high as depegging would cause loss > 1% to users. The contract is not broken immediately but this may only be noticed after some time has passed when the peg functions actually need to be called.

### PoC

Not required according to the terms. Involves reverting but is not an attack.

### Mitigation

Ensure that boostDecimals >= usdDecimals or rewrite these methods with if statements to calculate with usdDecimals - boostDecimals if not.