Spare Opaque Locust

Medium

# POB - The `MasterAMO::toBoostAmount` and `MasterAMO::toUsdAmount` functions will revert if the collateral usd token has more than 18 decimals (`usdDecimals` > `boostDecimals`)

POB

Medium

# The MasterAMO::toBoostAmount and MasterAMO::toUsdAmount functions will revert if the collateral usd token has more than 18 decimals (usdDecimals > boostDecimals)

### Summary

In the [`MasterAMO::toBoostAmount`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L333) and [`MasterAMO::toUsdAmount`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/MasterAMO.sol#L337) functions, there's a subtraction between `boostDecimals` and `usdDecimals`, both of which are `uint8` types. If `usdDecimals` is greater than `boostDecimals`, the functions will revert. Since these functions are called by key functions in the `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` contracts, a revert in these functions will cause the key functions to revert as well.

### Root Cause

Subtracting a `uint8` from a larger `uint8` will revert with an `Arithmetic operation overflowed` error. In the `MasterAMO::toBoostAmount` and `MasterAMO::toUsdAmount` functions, it's assumed that `usdDecimals` is less than `boostDecimals`. If that's not the case, the function will revert.

### Internal pre-conditions

- The collateral usd token has more decimals than the boost stablecoin

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. A contract that inherits from `MasterAMO` (such as `SolidlyV2AMO` or `SolidlyV3AMO`) is initialized with a collateral usd token that has more decimals than the boost stablecoin.  
2. Someone with the `AMO_ROLE` calls one of the functions in the `SolidlyV2AMO` or `SolidlyV3AMO` contracts, which internally calls the `toBoostAmount` or `toUsdAmount` functions.  
3. The function call reverts and cannot be executed.

### Impact

When `usdDecimals` is greater than `boostDecimals`, any functions in `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` which internally calls the `MasterAMO::toBoostAmount` or `MasterAMO::toUsdAmount` functions will always revert.

List of functions in the `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` contracts that would revert due to the revert in `MasterAMO::toBoostAmount`:
- `SolidlyV2AMO::_addLiquidity`
- `SolidlyV2AMO::_unfarmBuyBurn`
- `SolidlyV2AMO::getReserves`
- `SolidlyV3AMO::_mintAndSellBoost`
- `SolidlyV3AMO::_addLiquidity`
- `SolidlyV3AMO::_unfarmBuyBurn`

List of functions in the `SolidlyV2AMO` and `SolidlyV3AMO` contracts that would revert due to the revert in `MasterAMO::toUsdAmount`:
- `SolidlyV2AMO::_mintAndSellBoost`
- `SolidlyV2AMO::_mintSellFarm`
- `SolidlyV2AMO::_unfarmBuyBurn`
- `SolidlyV3AMO::_unfarmBuyBurn`

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Check which token has more decimals and adjust the amount accordingly:

```diff
function toBoostAmount(uint256 usdAmount) internal view returns (uint256) {
-    return usdAmount * 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
+	if (boostDecimals >= usdDecimals) {
+        return usdAmount * 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
+    } else {
+        return usdAmount / 10 ** (usdDecimals - boostDecimals);
+    }
}

function toUsdAmount(uint256 boostAmount) internal view returns (uint256) {
-    return boostAmount / 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
+    if (boostDecimals >= usdDecimals) {
+        return boostAmount / 10 ** (boostDecimals - usdDecimals);
+    } else {
+        return usdAmount * 10 ** (usdDecimals - boostDecimals);
+    }
}
```