Clean Fossilized Stallion

Medium

# Unable to claim rewards from gauges for Aerodrome and Velodrome implementations due to incorrect function signature for `getReward`

### Summary

the `getReward` function in the gauge contracts for both V2 versions of Aerodrome and Velodrome implement a function signature that is not compatible with `SolidlyV2AMO` contract and therefore will be unable to claim rewards from the gauge.

### Root Cause

The [getReward](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV2AMO.sol#L320C5-L339C6) function in `SolidlyV2AMO` allows for users to use two different function signatures for the `getReward` function in the corresponding gauge contract for each DEX depending on if they wish to `passTokens`. The problem is that Aerodrome and Velodrome dont use either of these function signatures to claim rewards. They each only have one version of this function that accepts one single parameter.

See the below function
```Solidity
/// @inheritdoc IGauge
    function getReward(address _account) external nonReentrant {
        address sender = _msgSender();
        if (sender != _account && sender != voter) revert NotAuthorized();

        _updateRewards(_account);

        uint256 reward = rewards[_account];
        if (reward > 0) {
            rewards[_account] = 0;
            IERC20(rewardToken).safeTransfer(_account, reward);
            emit ClaimRewards(_account, reward);
        }
    }
```
They are expecting just the address that will receive the reward as a parameter. This will prevent any rewards from being claimed from the `SolidlyV2AMO` contract.

Source:
https://github.com/velodrome-finance/contracts/blob/9e5a5748c3e2bcef7016cc4194ce9758f880153f/contracts/gauges/Gauge.sol#L122C5-L135C6
https://github.com/aerodrome-finance/contracts/blob/a5fae2e87e490d6b10f133e28cc11bcc58c5346a/contracts/gauges/Gauge.sol#L122C4-L135C6

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

Documentation states "We expect the SolidlyV2 tech-implementation work with the “classic” pools on the following Dexes: Velodrome, Aerodrome, Thena, Equalizer (Fantom/Sonic/Base), Ramses and forks (legacy pools), Tokan". The current implemenation will not work with Velodrome or Aerodrome.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Create a separate interface for Velodrome and Aerodrome that has the correct implementation of the `getReward` function.