Dizzy Slate Deer

Medium

# Incorrect `mint` function call usage in `SolidlyV3AMO.sol`

### Summary

The documentation at https://sticky-yarrow-52e.notion.site/AXION-Audit-Documentation-11bb3e443073802c949bd3700abad968 states that for V3 pools, the following pools will be supported

-   Aerodrome
-   Velodrome
-   Thena
-   Ramses

This is also hinted at by the files in the soliudly-utils folder, with their names.

However, the contracts call the `mint` function of the pools which are incompatible with these protocols.

The `mint` function is called as shown below, with a

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/main/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L190-L198

But this interface is not present for the intended protocols.

Thena uses a different interface here: https://bscscan.com/address/0x51bd5e6d3da9064d59bcaa5a76776560ab42ceb8#code

```solidity
function mint(
    address sender,
    address recipient,
    int24 bottomTick,
    int24 topTick,
    uint128 liquidityDesired,
    bytes calldata data
  )
```

Ramses: https://arbiscan.io/address/0x6553aaee5a3a482a7d61bb5e093b05140fe17e21#code

```solidity
function mint(
        address recipient,
        int24 tickLower,
        int24 tickUpper,
        uint128 amount,
        bytes calldata data
    )
```

Aerodrome: https://basescan.org/address/0xeC8E5342B19977B4eF8892e02D8DAEcfa1315831#code

```solidity
function mint(address recipient, int24 tickLower, int24 tickUpper, uint128 amount, bytes calldata data)
```

As seen above, the function interfaces are different for the pools, and thus this contract wont work with all of them.

Since the devs explicitly mentioned that they want to support these above mentioned protocols, this is an issue.

### Root Cause

The main cause is that the `mint` functions are implemented differently in different protocols.

### Internal pre-conditions

None

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

None

### Impact

Incompatibility with the pools in question

### PoC

None

### Mitigation

Consider using the router contract instead of the pool directly, since the router interfaces are mostly the same throughout. Also the router contract does important checks which is skipped in the pool contracts.
