Prehistoric Brunette Aardvark

Medium

# The `SolidlyV3AMO._mintSellFarm()` function does not work with Velodrome, Aerodrome, Fenix, Thena and Ramses

### Summary
The `_mintSellFarm()` function handles the minting, selling and farming of `BOOST` when it's over the peg in the SolidlyV3 DEXes. Since Velodrome, Aerodrome, Fenix, Thena and Ramses are parts of the SolidlyV3 DEXes, they should be compatible. However, the `_mintSellFarm()` function does not work with the DEXes because it calls a missing function, `quoteSwap()`.

### Root Cause
In the `_mintSellFarm()` function, it handles the minting, selling and farming of `BOOST` when it's over the peg in the SolidlyV3 DEXes.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-10-axion/blob/c65e662999d0c79439703fc6713814b4ad023e01/liquidity-amo/contracts/SolidlyV3AMO.sol#L298-L302
```solidity
File: liquidity-amo\contracts\SolidlyV3AMO.sol
297:         // Quote the swap to calculate how much BOOST can be swapped for USD
298:   @>    (int256 amount0, int256 amount1, , , ) = ISolidlyV3Pool(pool).quoteSwap(
299:             zeroForOne,
300:             int256(maxBoostAmount),
301:             targetSqrtPriceX96
302:         );
```

However, there is no `quoteSwap()` function in the pool contract of Velodrome, Aerodrome, Fenix, Thena and Ramses.
As a result, the `_mintSellFarm()` function does not work with Velodrome, Aerodrome, Fenix, Thena and Ramses due to function call.

### Internal pre-conditions

For convenience, let's assume that the USD token is `USDC` from this point forward.
- Protocol team is going to mint and sell `BOOST` and farm. 

### External pre-conditions

- The `BOOST-USDC` price diverges from peg and `BOOST` is trading above `$1` in Velodrome.

### Attack Path

- Alice(protocol team) calls the `unfarmBuyBurn()` function.

It reverts.

### Impact

The `mintSellFarm()` functions will be permanently DoSed for Velodrome, Aerodrome, Fenix, Thena and Ramses.


### PoC

### Mitigation

Use the correct functions for Velodrome, Aerodrome, Fenix, Thena and Ramses.